promised to take you to travel around the world
but i gave up in the halfway and went back home
that i am drown in the ocean of remorse
i find that i cannot leave you
i decide to go back
but you are not there already
i can accept your everything your temper tantrum.
i can bring you to eat many good things
i can bring you surprises and sweetness sometimes
just like the previous years
i made you many surprises everyday
i can cure you mental wound
there is only you who can give me happiness
let's don't be apart ever again
can we be together
there are too many memories between us
there is no solid reason to love you
its just because i met you when i was in the time of being interested in love
i do not wish for a future without you
i am willing to be with you only  forever
before the expiry date before you refuse